docs: explain trade-offs in data loading (#2581)
opendp/opendp: docs/source/getting-started/tabular-data/essential-statistics.rst

        .. code:: pycon

            >>> lazyframe = pl.scan_csv(
            ...     dp.examples.get_france_lfs_path(),
            ... )
            >>> context = dp.Context.compositor(
            ...     data=lazyframe,
            ...     privacy_unit=dp.unit_of(contributions=36),
            ...     privacy_loss=dp.loss_of(epsilon=1.0),
            ...     split_evenly_over=5,
            ... )

.. note::
    Typically, data loading will be outside the scope of the privacy guarantee.
    While it's possible for a CSV's column names and data types to contain
    private information (perhaps because of a one-hot encoding, or pivot operation),
    those aren't scenarios we'll worry about here.

    By default, polars will infer the schema from the first rows of a CSV.
    Other options include:

    * If you know the column types ahead of time, you may use the ``schema`` kwarg;

>     * Alternatively, if you need to avoid data dependent errors, the ``ignore_errors`` kwarg can be used.

Author: mention `infer_schema_length=None`?

Reviewer: I think it would be useful to mention this option as relevant for stable data loading.

>     * Alternatively, if you need to avoid data dependent errors, the ``ignore_errors`` kwarg can be used.

Author: @Shoeboxam : Perhaps this?
```suggestion
    * If you know all column types ahead of time, you may use the ``schema`` kwarg;
    * Alternatively, ``infer_schema=False`` will treat all columns as strings, and numeric columns will need to be explicitly cast.
    * Using ``infer_schema_length=None`` will read the entire file before inferring types.
    * Finally, default schema inference plus ``ignore_errors=True`` will avoid run time errors, but values will be missing if they can not be parsed as the inferred type.
```

I'm wary of describing any one of these as a "best-practice". It depends on context.
- Explicit casts add complexity to the downstream expressions
- For hundred column CSVs, providing a schema is a nuisance.
- `infer_schema_length=None` could be slow for large files.
- `ignore_errors=True` drops data without warning.
- and the default possibility of data-dependent errors is not strictly DP.

        .. code:: pycon

            >>> lazyframe = pl.scan_csv(
            ...     dp.examples.get_france_lfs_path(),
            ... )
            >>> context = dp.Context.compositor(
            ...     data=lazyframe,
            ...     privacy_unit=dp.unit_of(contributions=36),
            ...     privacy_loss=dp.loss_of(epsilon=1.0),
            ...     split_evenly_over=5,
            ... )

.. note::

    Loading data is not covered by OpenDP's privacy guarantee and should be performed by a trusted curator.
    CSV schema inference is data-dependent:
    private values can affect both the inferred types and whether parsing succeeds. 
    In a trusted environment, however, a parsing error can be useful,
    since it may reveal malformed data or an incorrect schema before incorrect statistics are released.

    If loading success or failure may be observed outside the trusted environment, 

>     prefer a schema-bearing source such as Parquet or a database table, 

Author: ... which could be a potential leak, then ...

Make the connection more explicit.

            ... )

.. note::
    We'll consistently use ``ignore_errors=True``:
    Polars infers types from the first rows of a CSV, but without this setting,
    if a later value can not be parsed as the inferred type it will error.
    That's not the behavior we want:

>     Runtime errors would leak information and violate the DP guarantee.

Author: All good points: I had made this before the dev meeting, but I should revisit it now. Thanks!

>     Runtime errors would leak information and violate the DP guarantee.

Reviewer 2: I think this looks much better now!
